Added info about ports. (#285)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/src/references/reference-radix-config/index.md

>   - `image: gcr.io/distroless/nodejs18-debian11:latest`.
> - When an image is not publicly available, it is required to provide an authentication information. Please read more about [privateImageHubs](./#privateimagehubs) option.

### `ports`
```yaml
spec:
  components:
    - name: frontend
      ports:
        - name: http
          port: 8000
        - name: api
          port: 8001
```
A component can have one or several ports:
* `name` - an internal name of a port, used to reference to it within the radixconfig. It needs to be unique within the component `ports` list.
* `port` - numeric value of a port, in the range between 1024 and 65535. It needs to be unique within the component `ports` list.

> A component _should_ have at least one port, on which it can respond to TCP or HTTP requests. Kubernetes [readiness probe](../../docs/topic-rollingupdate/#readiness-probe) regularly requests the component on the first port in the `ports` list to ensure that the component can handle requests. 

Reviewer: suggested phrasing
```suggestion
A component _should_ have at least one port, on which it can respond to TCP or HTTP requests. Kubernetes [readiness probe](../../docs/topic-rollingupdate/#readiness-probe) will regularly request the first component in the `ports` list to ensure that the component can handle requests. 
```

> When a new component version is deployed, the probe waits while replicas of the new component version start responding on such requests, keeping them in the state "Starting". When these new replicas begin to respond on requests, the [rolling update](../../docs/topic-rollingupdate/) removes old component version replicas. 

Reviewer: spelling and suggested phrasing
```suggestion
When a new component version is deployed, the probe waits until replicas of the new component version start responding to such requests, keeping them in the "Starting" state. When the new replicas responds to these requests, the [rolling update](../../docs/topic-rollingupdate/) will remove the replicas of the old component version 
```
